{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red189\green198\blue208;\red12\green14\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c78824\c81961\c85098;\cssrgb\c5098\c6667\c9020;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hanabi is a card game, meaning 'fireworks' in Japanese. It is a cooperative game for 2-5 players, where the players are aware of the other players' cards, but not their own. The overall goal is to reach as high a score as possible by cooperating through three basic actions: 'Throw', 'Put' and 'Information'. Body language and other forms of communications are not allowed. Maximum score is 25 points.\
Rules:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ultraboardgames.com/hanabi/game-rules.php"}}{\fldrslt https://www.ultraboardgames.com/hanabi/game-rules.php}}\
Phase 0: Just play a lot of Hanabi with friends and boost my curiosity\
Phase 1: Implement game mechanics (initial version) - Finished December 2021\
Phase 2: Literature study/ create work plan and sketches of further work\
Phase 3: Write code for ETL-flow\
Phase 4: Implement basic machine learning models - several if possible?\
Phase 5: Tuning of models - if possible\
This is one of my first machine learning projects. My ambition is to implement an advanced algorithm in order to achieve human-like or superhuman behaviour. I have not yet touched upon the field of reinforcement learning, and I am curious if it can be solved by such methods. As a result of the December implementation, the game currently plays by itself by the means of simple if-statements. A test run of 5000 games achieved a max score of 11, averaging at 3.83. These results are genereally considered bad, but works fine as a starting point for further development. An interesting consideration for the future is whether these 'human' if-statements will persist in further work, or if they should be scrapped to allow any future algorith to do its work by itself.\
It should also be added that ML and Hanabi already have been introduced to each other, among others by a group of reserachers that published the article: The Hanabi Challenge - A New Frontier of AI Research. I have deliberately been avoiding to read this as of now. Link to the document can be found here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370219300116"}}{\fldrslt https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0004370219300116}}\
I realize that the complexity of the game and the potential algorithms makes this an ambition project. Perhaps it will float in the matrix forever, like an unfound bottle mail. But hopefully it will further feed my curiosity and some learning can be achieved. The project is still under development and on pause, as I'm currently flipping through 'Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras & Tensorflow' in search of answers and inspiration. The project will go on when life allows it to.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If you have any feedback or want to roast my code, e-mail me on\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:heyjacobcode@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt heyjacobcode@gmail.com}}\
}